#How does tracking and adding changes make developers' lives easier?
Tracking and adding changes makes it very easy for developers to see exactly what was changed/add and when.  This practice allows for easy corrections and also making small changes to fix a large problem

#What is a commit?
A commit is a snap shot or save of the current file youre working on.  The example that stick with me most is a checkpoint in a video game that allows you to restart from that point if something goes wrong.

#What are the best practices for commit messages?
To use language that describes what the commit will do and not what you did in the commit.  For exampled "Add changes to license" instead of "Added changes to license".  The idea is that it tells readers what the code will do when merged not what you did to it.

#What does the HEAD^ argument mean?
HEAD^ is the last commit made in git.  This allows you to edit the previous commit made in git among other things.

#What are the 3 stages of a git change and how do you move a file from one stage to the other?
The first step of a git changed would be adding it to the stage.  By doing this you prep it for a commit while still making changes to said file.  Secondly would the commit, once you've finished making changes to the file you commit it to git.  After the commit is finished the final step is to push it to GitHub and have it

#Write a handy cheatsheet of the commands you need to commit your changes?
git add <file name>
git commit -m "comments"
git status
touch <file name>
git push master origin
git pull master origin

#What is a pull request and how do you create and merge one?
Pull requests are a way to merge code from different branches into the master. The workflow typically looks like:
create new branch
move to the new branch
work on code/submit
push the branch to GitHub
Make a new pull request to the master branch

Once done with the last step on GitHub a new button will appear with text "Merge pull request". Click that, confirm the merge, then use the purple button to delete your previous branch.

#Why are pull requests preferred when working with teams?
They are preferred because it allows for more steps of review along the way.  The pull request gives all members involved a chance to glance at new code before it is merged.  In our solo challenges it's easy to gloss over how important it can be to review code before its added/merged into a larger project.  With out challenges currently our worry is really only how it could affect our work not the work of an entire team.